Bug fix for StencilJS compatibility (#2026)
shoelace-style/webawesome: packages/webawesome/docs/docs/resources/changelog.md

<small>TBD</small>

- Added `wa-button` class for styling `<a>` elements as buttons [pr:2040]

> - Fixed a bug that was causing errors when some of our components were used in stencil. [pr:2026]

Reviewer: I don't think this is Stencil specific, I think this is any rendering library using JSX, and this would also generate a manifest with undefined names for events which may break any manifest parsing.

```suggestion
- Fixed a bug in the custom elements manifest where events may not have a name. [pr:2026]
```
